        PAINBOSS                                               COMMAND
           UNIT COMPOSITION: 1 PAINBOSS                                          50 Points



Veteran Painboyz become increasingly obsessed with perfecting their own methods of 'serjery" and eventually drift away from
their Warboss. Left to their own devices, they will indulge in ever more extreme eksperiments. Any Ork brave/stupid enough to
venture into a Painboss's lab has to be careful otherwise it may wake up to find itself with a new set of mechanical lungs that
allow it to breathe underwater even though it probably only went in to get a bad tooth removed!.

                M  WS   BS    S    T  W      I    A   LD   CL  WP   IN   SAV  INV
Painboss                  6    5    2    4    4    3    3    3    7    8    8    8   4+      -


 WARGEAR                                       SPECIAL RULES
 • Choppa                                     • Cyborks
                                               •  Feel No Pain (5+)
 TRAITS                                       • Impact (S)
 • Xenos                                       • Medic (4+)
 • [Orks]                                      • Mob Rule (CL)

                                              TYPE
                                               •  Infantry (Command)

 OPTIONS
 • This Model may have its choppa exchanged for one
    power klaw for +20 Points or one item from the Ork
   Dok Wargear list.
 • This Model may have up to three grot orderlies for +5
     Points each.

 WARGEAR
 Grot Orderly
  Painboyz are often accompanied by grot orderlies, whose job it is to carry tools and gather up discarded limbs and organs.

 A grot orderly allows a single Recovery Test to be made.

  Grot orderlies are treated as a special kind of Marker that is moved with the Model it belongs to but is ignored for all
 game purposes. A grot orderly may be expended once per Battle whenever another Model in the same unit as the
 Model with the grot orderly suffers an Unsaved Wound. The Model with the grot orderly may make a Recovery Test for
  the wounded Model (as described in the Medic (X) Special Rule). The grot orderly Marker is then removed from play.
 Only a single grot orderly may be expended in this way per Unsaved Wound.

 SPECIAL RULES
 Cyborks
 Any Ork brave/stupid enough to venture into a Painboss's lab has to be careful otherwise it may wake up to find itself with
 a new set of mechanical lungs that allow it to breathe underwater even though it probably only went in to get a bad tooth
  removed!

  If a Unit that includes only Models with the Infantry Type is selected to fill a Prime Force Organisation Slot in an Army
  that includes one or more Painbosses, the following Prime Advantage can be selected:

 Cyborks

  All Models in the Unit selected to fill a Prime Force Organisation Slot with this Prime Advantage gain the Eternal
  Warrior (1) and Feel No Pain (5+) Special Rules.





                                          14