             ORK CLAN RULES

Every Model in the Orks Army may be part of one of the Great Clans of the Orks as determined by their variant of the
[Orks] Trait. Some Models may have the Freebooters Trait instead, having left their clans behind. Each variant of the Orks
Faction Trait offers a number of new options and Rules for use with Models that have the Trait for that clan.

FREEBOOTERS
Freebooterz are Orks who have abandoned their tribes to form roving bands of outcasts. The composition of Freebooter bands
varies greatly depending on their origin and history. Some are fugitives from Ork society, others eccentrics, while some will be
the remnants of shattered armies.

All Models with the Freebooters Trait are subject to the following Special Rules:

Mercenaries                                     Outcasts
Models with the Freebooters Trait may be included in         Models with the Freebooters Trait may use the following
Detachments of a different variant of the Orks Faction           specific benefits normally only available to Models with
Trait. This is an exception to the rule requiring all Models       other variants of the Orks Faction Trait (details for these
in that Detachment to have the same variant of the Orks        benefits are listed on the following pages):
Faction Trait. However, there must be fewer Freebooters
                                                • Advanced Reaction: ‘Ere We Go!Units in a Detachment than Units with another variant of
the Orks Faction Trait unless the Primary Detachment        • Gambits: Brutal but Kunnin’ and Kunnin’ but Brutal
includes a High Command or Command Unit with the
                                                • Prime Advantages: Plunderer Without Equal and FeralFreebooters Trait.
                                                          Orks
In addition, an Allied Detachment that consists only of
                                                • Wargear: Ammo RuntsModels with the Freebooters Trait may be taken as part of
another Army List. In this case, all Models in the Allied
Detachment and any additional Auxiliary Detachments
replace the Xenos Trait with the variant of the Allegiance
Trait used by the rest of the Army.





                                          43