EVIL SUNZ

The Evil Suns are irresistibly attracted towards fast vehicles and loud noise. They have an unquenchable need to carean around
the battlefield at great speed, ploughing into the ranks of the enemy before racing off to cause more carnage elsewhere. Though
an Evil Sunz army will include foot troops, these infantry mobs will usually save up their teeth for when they can afford a
vehicle of their own.

All Models with the Evil Sunz Trait are subject to the following Special Rules:

EVIL SUNZ ADVANCED REACTION              EVIL SUNZ WARGEAR
The Controlling Player of any Units that include only         Any Model with the Evil Sunz Trait and either the Vehicle
Models with the Evil Sunz Trait or the Freebooters Trait        Type or the Cavalry Type may have a red paint job for +5
can spend Reaction Points to make the following                Points per Model.
Advanced Reaction:
                                         Red Paint Job
‘Ere We Go!                                                        Evil Sunz often paint their machines red – firmly believing
Speed fulfils some deep need in the Orkish temperament,          in the old proverbs that "red wunz go faster" and "if it's red
just like the thunder of guns, the clank of tracks and the din      den no one's gonna catch up wiv' ya".
of battle.
                                           A Vehicle or Cavalry Model with a red paint job
This Advanced Reaction allows the Reacting Unit to         increases its Movement Characteristic.
Move towards an Enemy Unit that Targets it with a
                                            A Model with a red paint job increases its MovementShooting Attack.
                                                                  Characteristic by +1. If the Model also has the Rapid Sub-
Trigger: Once per Battle, the Reactive Player may declare      Type, it increases its Movement Characteristic by an
the ‘Ere We Go! Advanced Reaction in the Shooting             additional +1 for a total of +2.
Phase, during Step 4 of the Shooting Attack sequence of
any Shooting Attack made by the Active Player that
targets a Unit under the Reactive Player's control that
only includes Models with either the Vehicle or Cavalry
Type and with either the Evil Sunz or Freebooters Traits.

Cost: The Reactive Player must spend 1 point of their
Reaction Allotment to declare the ‘Ere We Go! Advanced
Reaction, this cost paid as soon as the declaration is
made.

Target: The Target Unit is always the Unit whose
Shooting Attack triggered the Reaction. The Reacting Unit
is always the Unit that was the target of the Shooting
Attack that triggered the Reaction.

Process

1. Once the ‘Ere We Go! Advanced Reaction has been
    declared, the Active Player must resolve all remaining
    Steps of the Shooting Attack process as normal, up to
    the start of Step 11.

2.  Immediately after Step 11 of the Shooting Attack that
    triggered this Reaction is resolved, each Model in the
   Reacting Unit must move up to 6" directly towards the
    nearest Model in the Target Unit, moving the
   maximum distance possible while remaining at least
    1" away from any enemy Model.





                                          46