DEATHSKULLS

The Deathskulls are plunderers without equal. They are tremendously good at looting, borrowing, scrounging, scavenging, and
stealing things from their fellow Orks, and notoriously bad at giving them back. Deathskulls would make capable scientists and
excellent engineers if their fascination for now things lasted longer than the time it took to steal them.

All Models with the Deathskulls Trait are subject to the following Special Rules:

DEATHSKULLS PRIME ADVANTAGE            DEATHSKULLS TACTIKA
If a Unit which only includes Models that have the               All Models with the Deathskulls Trait (excluding Models
Command Battlefield Role and either the Deathskulls          with the Vehicle Type) are subject to the following Special
Trait or the Freebooters Trait is selected to fill a Prime          Rule:
Force Organisation Slot, the following Prime Advantage
can be selected:                                    Finders Keepers
                                                       The Deathskulls see battle as a two-stage process, often
Plunderer Without Equal                               hurrying the killing part in an effort to speed along the
Orks are experts at stealing and adapting enemy vehicles for      scavenging spree that follows.
their own use and, once a battle is over, Ork salvage teams
will get on with the real work of 'repairing' the wrecks of       A Unit that includes Models with this Special Rule can
enemy tanks.                                              score Victory Points for looting the fallen, but loses
                                                         the Line (X) Special Rule.
When a Unit is selected to fill a Prime Organisation Slot
                                                                      All Models with the Deathskulls Trait lose any variants ofwith this Prime Advantage, a single Transport, Heavy
                                                             the Line (X) Special Rule they may have, and may notTransport, Armour or Lord of War Force Organisation Slot
                                                                 thereafter gain any version of Line (X) from any source.in the same Army may be filled by a Unit selected from
                                                      Models that have lost the Line (X) Special Rule due to thiseither the Legiones Astartes or Solar Auxilia Army Lists
                                                               Special Rule instead gain the Loot the Dead (X) Specialinstead of the Orks Army List. This Prime Advantage may
                                                               Rule. The value of X on the Loot the Dead (X) Specialbe taken more than once in the same Army.
                                                          Rule is equal to the value of X on the variant of Line (X)
Any Unit selected in this way must be of the Vehicle Type,       that was removed. In addition, any Loota Mob with this
but must not have the Flyer Sub-Type or the Orbital             Special Rule also gains the Loot the Dead (3) Special
Assault Vehicle Special Rule. The selected Unit gains the        Rule.
Looted Wagon Special Rule.
                                            A Unit that includes any Models with the Loot the Dead
Looted Wagon                                           (X) Special Rule may not Control or Contest any Objective
A Model with this Special Rule:                              Marker. See Legiones Astartes: Blackshields for details of
                                                             the Loot the Dead (X) Special Rule.
• Must exchange all Traits it has for the Xenos, Orks and
   [Orks] Trait*.
• Changes its base Ballistic Skill Characteristic to ‘2’.
• Gains the Explodes (5+) Special Rule (unless it
   already has a stronger variant of the Explodes (X)
   Special Rule) and the Don’t Press Dat! Special Rule.

In addition:

•  If the Model can have items selected for it from the
   Legion Pintle Weapons list or the Auxilia Pintle
  Weapons list, items must be chosen from the Ork Pintle
  Weapons list instead.
•  If the Model can have items selected for it from the
   Legion Sponson Weapons list or the Auxilia Sponson
  Weapons list, items must be chosen from the Ork
  Sponson Weapons list instead.
•  If the Model can have items selected for it from the
   Auxilia Hull Weapons list, items must be chosen from
   the Ork Hull Weapons list instead.

*Note: Looted Wagons are not limited to having the same
variant of the Orks Trait as the Unit with the Plunderer
Without Equal Prime Advantage, but follow the normal
restrictions for variants of the Orks Trait within
Detachments. For example, although the Model with the
Plunderer Without Equal Prime Advantage must have the
Deathskulls Trait or Freebooters Trait, the Looted Wagon
may be taken in a Force Organisation Slot of a Blood Axes
Detachment, and would therefore have the Blood Axes Trait.
                                          47