         ORKS ADVANCED REACTIONS

WAAAGH!                                     ADDITIONAL ADVANCED REACTIONSOrks live for the moment when they charge into battle,
                                                               Refer to the Legacies of the Age of Darkness: Thescreaming ‘Waaagh!’ at the top of their lungs.
                                                                  Imperialis Militia document for details of the
This Reaction allows the Reactive Player to make a           following Advanced Reactions:
Charge Roll instead of making Volley Attacks.                                                 • Medic!
Trigger: Once per Battle, the Reactive Player may declare                                                 • Smokescreen
the Waaagh! Advanced Reaction during Step 4 of the
Charge process of any Charge declared by the Active
Player that targets a Unit which contains only Models
with the Mob Rule (X) Special Rule and includes one or
more Models with either the Prophet of the Waaagh! Trait
or a Waaagh! banner.

Cost: The Reactive Player must spend 1 point of their
Reaction Allotment to declare the Waaagh! Reaction - this
cost paid as soon as the declaration is made.

Target: For the Waaagh! Reaction, the Target Unit is
always the Unit whose Charge triggered the Reaction. The
Reacting Unit is always the Unit that was declared as the
target of the Charge that triggered this Reaction, which
must contain only Models with the Mob Rule (X) Special
Rule and includes one or more Models with either the
Prophet of the Waaagh! Trait or a Waaagh! banner.

Process

1. Once the Waaagh! Reaction has been declared, all
   Models in the Reacting Unit gains a modifier of +2 to
    their Initiative Characteristic and the Vanguard (2)
    Special Rule for the duration of the current Assault
    Phase.

2.  Immediately after the Active Player has resolved any
    Volley Attacks they choose to make, the Reactive
    Player must make a Charge Roll for the Reacting Unit.

3.  If the result of the Charge Roll would be enough to
   move any Model from the Reacting Unit into Base
   Contact with a Model from the Target Unit, then a
   Charge Move is made and the Units are Locked in
   Combat. No Model in the Target Unit may claim a
   bonus from any Special Rule that requires a successful
   Charge to have been made, while the Models in the
   Reacting Unit gain any bonuses from any Special
   Rules that would apply to that Unit as a result of a
    successful Charge.

4.  If the result of the Charge Roll would not bring any
   Model from the Reacting Unit into Base Contact with
   a Model from the Target Unit, then no Charge Move is
   made and the Players proceed to Step 5 of the Charge
    process.





                                          54