                                                                                                 Codex Xenologica – Necrons (Horus Heresy 3rd edition)


       Phase Shift Field
       While the Power crucible has not been destroyed, all models, both friendly and enemy, on the
        surface of the Tomb Citadel have a 4+ invulnerable save against shooting attacks.


       Resurrection Amplifier
       While the Power crucible has not been destroyed, the result of any Resurrection Tests made for
        Units in the Controlling Player's Army that are on the surface of the Tomb Citadel is modified by +1.


       Canoptek factory
       While the Tomb Ziggurat has not been destroyed, the Controlling Player may select and apply one
        of the following during their Turn as the Active Player:
          • When a Unit of Canoptek Scarabs on the surface of the Tomb Citadel been selected, but before
          or after it has been moved, the controlling player may add up to three Scarab Swarm models to
            that Unit so that they are in coherency with that Unit and more than 1" from enemy models.
          •  At the end of the Movement Phase, the Controlling Player may create a Unit of Canoptek
          Scarabs consisting of three Scarab Swarms. That Unit enters the Battlefield as if from Reserves,
           using the Tomb Ziggurat's Eternity Gate as if it was the Edge of the Battlefield. The new Unit can
         be targeted with the Interception Reaction.


       Ziggurat Deck
       Models can move over and end a move on top of the Tomb Ziggurat, treating it as if it were an area
        of Light Area Terrain. However, unlike other Areas of Terrain, protrusions and other parts of the
       Model do block Line of Sight.
88
       During deployment, the Controlling Player of a Tomb Ziggurat can deploy a single Monolith or
       Gauss Pylon on top of the upper level of the Tomb Ziggurat. This model is referred to as the
       'Docked Model'. The following rules apply to the Docked Model so long as it remains on top of the
      Tomb Ziggurat:
          •   If the Docked Model is selected to make any kind of Move, it must first be removed from the
          top of the Tomb Ziggurat and placed anywhere within 1" of the Tomb Ziggurat. The model is no
           longer Docked and acts normally for the remainder of the Battle.
          •  All Weapons used by the Docked Model gain +1 Ranged Strength and lose the Limited (X) Special
           Rule.
          • The Docked Model uses the Eternity Gate modelled on the Tomb Ziggurat in place of its own as
               its Access Point and for the purpose of the Eternity Gate Special Rule.
          •   If the Docked Model makes a Shooting Attack using the Portal of Exile, measure ranges from the
           Eternity Gate modelled on the Tomb Ziggurat instead of the Docked Model's.
          •   If a Tomb Ziggurat is Destroyed, the Docked Model suffers D6 Damage. No Saves or Damage
           Mitigation Rolls may be made against that Damage. The model remains on top of the Tomb
            Ziggurat, but receives none of the benefits from the above Bullet Points, except it can still leave
           using the procedure listed in the first Bullet Point.
     A model may not become Docked after the start of battle.