                                                                                                  Codex Xenologica – Necrons (Horus Heresy 3rd edition)

       course of the battle, excluding models that have
       joined the unit before or after the battle or were
       assigned to it.

      Each Resurrection Orb can only be activated
      once per battle.

     Sempiternal weave
     A model with a Sempiternal weave has a 2+
      Armour Save.

     Sense Cluster
     A Model that is equipped with a Sense Cluster
         fires Snap Shots at its full Ballistic Skill. All other
       penalties relating to Snap Shots still apply.

     Shadowloom
          If a Unit that includes any Models with
      Shadowlooms is the target of a Shooting Attack,
           if the distance between the closest Model in
       the Attacking Unit and the Target Unit is 12" or
        greater, Models in that Unit gain the Shrouded
        (5+) Special Rule or, if they already have or gain
       a version of the Shrouded (X) Special Rule from
       another source, modify the variable number by
        +1 (5+ becomes 4+, etc), to a maximum of 4+.

     Shield vanes
112   A model with Shield vanes has its Armour Save
        characteristic improved by 1 step (4+ becomes
        3+, etc), to a maximum of 3+.

     Targeting relay
      At the start of the controlling player’s Shooting
       Phase, a model with this special rule can select a
        friendly unit with the Reanimant Unit sub-Type
       within 12”, except its own unit. Until the end of
       the current phase, add 1 to the result of all Hit
       Tests made for Ranged Attacks made by the
       selected Unit. This does not stack; a Unit can
       only receive the benefits of one Targeting Relay
       per phase.

      Translocation shroud
     A model with a Translocation shroud, and all
      models with the Infantry Type in the Unit it
        joins, gain the Deep Strike Special Rule.

    Whip coils
      During a turn in which a model with Whip Coils’
       Unit either succesfully completed a Charge,
       or itself had a Charge succesfully completed
       against it, all of that model’s Melee Weapons
       receive a +3 bonus to their Initiative Modifier.