                                                                                                  Codex Xenologica – Necrons (Horus Heresy 3rd edition)


       Special Rules
       The Lord of Storms
            If Imotekh is part of an Army, the Royal Burial Site Aeonic Sequela must be selected for that Army.

       Once per battle, at the start of the Controlling Player's Movement Phase as the Active Player, that
         player can Call the Storm. The Storm remains until the end of the opposing player's next turn
        or until Imotekh is removed as a casualty, whichever comes first. While the Storm remains, the
         following benefits apply to Imotekh:
          •  Only Enemy Units that include Models with the Paragon Type can make Reactions that Target
           Imotekh's Unit.
          •  All Shooting Attacks targeting Imotekh's Unit are made with a -1 Penalty to the Ballistic Skill of
           the attacking Model.
          •  Imotekh may make a Shooting Attack against using the following Profile in the Controlling
             Player's Shooting Phase, in addition to his other Ranged Weapons.

        Melee            R   FP  RS  AP  D   Special Rules            Traits

        The Storm Cometh     48      1    8   –      1    Blast (5), Suppressive (1)   Arc

        Hyperlogical Strategist
       While Imotekh remains on the Battlefield, the Controlling Player gains one additional point of
        Reaction Allotment each Turn (in addition to the one already granted because Imotekh has the
        Phaeron Trait). However, if any Enemy Units from the Orks Army List are on the battlefield, then
        the Controlling Player does not gain this additional Reaction Point and does not gain a Reaction
         Point for controlling a model with the Nemesor or Phaeron Trait.

        Relentless Defiance
       While a Model with this Special Rule is engaged in a Challenge, its Controlling Player can select the
126      following Gambit for that Model:

        Relentless Defiance: If this Gambit is selected, this Models always Strikes last in the Strike Step,
        even if the Controlling Player wins the Focus Roll. When this Model Strikes in the Strike Step, it
         gains a number of additional Attacks equal to the number of Wounds inflicted on the model by the
      Enemy Model during this Strike Step (regardless of wether any Damage was inflicted).