Version 1.4.2 august 2026


 Special Rules
 Dias of Dominion
 The Dias of Dominion is subject to the following provisions:

 Antigrav Throne: The Dias of Dominion forms a Unit with two Triarchal Menhirs. It may not join
 or be joined by other Units or leave the Triarchal Menhirs, even though it has the Paragon Type.

 Hapthatra and Mesophet: Hapthatra and Mesophet are the minor members of Szarekh’s Triarch.
 Hapthatra is equipped with the Staff of Stars and Mesophet is equipped with the Scythe of Dust;
  attacks may not be made with those weapons, except through the Phaeron of the Stars and Phaeron
  of the Blades provisions.

 Preservative Auto-Torpor: Whilst the Dias of Dominion has 5 or fewer remaining Wounds, it
  is not subject to the Phaeron of the Stars provision. Whilst the Dias of Dominion has 3 or fewer
 remaining Wounds, it is not subject to the Phaeron of the Blades provision.

 Phaeron of the Stars: Whilst the Dias of Dominion is subject to this provision, other Models with
  the Reanimant Trait in the Controlling Player’s Army within 6” of the Dias of Dominion add 6” to
  the Range characteristics of their ranged weapons. Whilst the Dias of Dominion is subject to this
  provision, it can make ranged attacks using the Staff of Stars and can make a number of additional
  Attacks in the Fight Sub-Phase equal to the Attack Modifier Characteristic of the Staff of Stars.
 Those additional Attacks must be made using the Staff of Stars.

 Phaeron of the Blades: Whilst the Dias of Dominion is subject to this provision, other Models with
  the Reanimant Trait in the Controlling Player’s Army within 6” of the Dias of Dominion have their
 Weapon Skill counted as being 1 greater than it is when making To Hit tests for their Melee Attacks.
 Whilst the Dias of Dominion is subject to this provision, it can make a number of additional Attacks
  in the Fight Sub-Phase equal to the Attack Modifier Characteristic of the Scythe of Dust. Those
  additional Attacks must be made using the Scythe of Dust.                                                                                                                          131
 Obeisance Generators
  All Models with the Reanimant Sub-Type in the Controlling Player's Army gain +2 to their
 Leadership and Cool Characteristics whilst within 6” of the Dias of Dominion.

 Enemy Models in Units that are engaged in close combat with Szarekh have a -2 penalty to their
 Combat Initiative, to a minimum of 1. Enemy Models with the Automata, Paragon or Vehicle Type
  are unaffected.

 Automonument
 Whilst all Automata models in a unit have this special rule, that unit can be selected to make
  Reactions, even though it includes Automata models. However, Models with this special rule may
 not make Ranged Attacks as part of Reactions.

 While a Model with this Special Rule is part of a Unit with a Paragon Model, it has a Weapon Skill
  Characteristic of 6.

 Noctilith Beacon
 Models with the Daemon Type, the Corrupted Sub-Type or the Psyker Sub-Type have a -1 penalty
  to their Willpower Characteristic for each Model with the Noctilith Beacon Special Rule within 12".