Version 1.13 march 2026 by Ana

Unit which is in one of the Facings of the         Murderous Assault (X)
Transport noted in the specific variant of the
                                         Any Wound Test made for an Attack made
Firing Deck (X) Special Rule. Models making
                                             by a Model with the Murderous Assault (X)
Attacks as part of that Shooting Attack count
                                                 with a value equal to or higher than the value
as having moved if the Transport moved in the
                                                     of X associated with the specific variant of
preceding Movement Phase and as Stationary if
                                                   the Murderous Assault (X) Special Rule is
it did not, but must make Attacks as Snap Shots
                                                     automatically succesful, regardless of the target's
if the Transport moved a number of inches
                                              Toughness characteristic.
higher than half its Movement Characteristic
in the preceding Movement Phase. Ranges          At the end of Step 8 of the Initiative Step for
are measured from the Hull of the Transport.        any Strike Group that includes attacks made by
Reactions made against the Attack that would       Models with the Murderous Assault (X) Special
Target the Unit Target the Transport it is              Rule, create a new Strike Group that must then
Embarked on instead.                          be selected in Step 10 and resolved. This new
                                                        Strike Group includes a number of Attacks equal
Whenever the Transport that has the Firing
                                                     to the number of Wound Tests with a value
Deck (X) Special Rule is selected as the Reacting
                                                  equal to or higher than the value of X associated
Unit for a Reaction that allows the Reacting
                                                 with the specific variant of the Murderous
Unit to make a Shooting Attack, the Controlling
                                                     Assault (X) Special Rule caused by the Strike
Player may opt to have the Embarked Unit make
                                          Group that triggered its creation. These Attacks
that Shooting Attack instead, following the same
                                                    are made by the model that made the Attack
restrictions as listed above.
                                                        that triggered the Murderous Strike (X) Special
Fleshcraft (X)                               Rule and have a Strength, AP and Damage
                                                       Characteristics equal to those of the Attack that
In the Controlling Player’s Movement Phase
                                                       triggered the Murderous Assault (X) Special
as the Active Player, when a Model with the
                                                     Rule, but have no Special Rules.
Battlesmith (X) Special Rule has been selected,
but either before or after it has been moved,        Flyby Attack
the Controlling Player of that Model may                                                                 79                                                   Certain Wargear Items allow a Model to make
activate this Special Rule. Once activated,
                                                 a special kind of Attack called a Flyby Attack.
the Controlling Player of the Model with the
                                                      After a Unit that includes any Models with a
Battlesmith (X) Special Rule (referred to as the
                                                     Special Rule that allows it to make a Flyby
‘Acting Model’) must select one friendly Model
                                                  Attack has moved in the Controlling Player's
within 6" of the Acting Model. The Model
                                        Movement Phase as the Active Player, the
selected must have the Infantry, Cavalry or
                                                     Controlling Player can Target one Enemy Unit
Paragon Type and is referred to as the Target
                                                        that Unit moved through or over to make a
Model’. Once a Target Model has been selected,
                                                 Flyby Attack using all Models in the Unit that
the Player controlling the Acting Model must
                                               have a Wargear Item that allows the Model to
make an Intelligence Check for the Acting
                                         make a Flyby Attack. Resolve a Shooting Attack
Model. If the Check is failed there is no further
                                               Procedure against the Target of the Flyby
effect, but if the Check is passed then the Player
                                                      Attack, applying the following modifications:
controlling the Acting Model may select one of
the following options:                                     •  Skip Step 2. Hits inflicted on a Model with
                                                     the Vehicle Type always target that model's
•  Reknit: The Target Model gains a number
                                                 Rear Armour.
   of Wounds equal to the value of X in the
                                                               •  During Step 3, instead of declaring Weapons,   Fleshcraft (X) Special Rule variant possessed
                                                     the Controlling Player of the Unit making   by the Acting Model. This cannot increase
                                                     the Flyby Attack declares one Wargear Item   the Target Model's Wounds above its Base
                                              which allows the Model to make Flyby Attack   Value.
                                                           for each Model in the Unit that is taking part
•  Restore: A number of Statuses equal to the
                                                           in the Flyby Attack.
   value of X in the Fleshcraft (X) Special Rule
                                                               •  During Step 4, each Fire Group is comprised   variant possessed by the Acting Model may
                                                        of all Wargear Items with the same Name.  be removed from the Target Model.
                                                               •  During Step 6, instead of rolling To Hit,
                                                each attacking Model inflicts a number of
                                                  Automatic Hits on the Target Unit. The