                                                                                                 Codex Xenologica – Drukhari (Horus Heresy 3rd edition)

     Shock Prow                                          Battlefield Edge that is within the Controlling
                                                                Player's Deployment Zone for the purpose of all
     When a Vehicle with a Shock Prow moves
                                              game rules, special rules and mission objectives.
      through an enemy Unit, the number of Hits
        inflicted is increased from D6 to D6+3.

     Soul-Trap
     The following Gambit can be selected for a
     Model with a Soul-Trap:
      Capture the Soul : If the Challenge Opponent
       of the model is reduced to 0 Wounds during
       the Strike step of this round of the challenge,
       the Model's Controlling Player gains 1 Victory
       Point and the Model's Strength characteritic is
       increased by +1 for the remainder of the battle.

     Splinter Racks
        All Models that are Embarked on a Transport
      with Splinter Racks, or have Disembarked from
      a Transport with Splinter Racks in the same
       turn, gain a +1 modifier to the FP Characteristic
       of any Weapon with the Splinter Trait that it
       uses to make shooting attacks.

     Tormentors
         If a Unit that includes any Models equipped with
      Tormentors becomes locked in combat because
          it either charged or was charged in the current
92    Charge Sub-Phase, that Unit's Controlling Player
       selects Torment (Pinned), Torment (Stunned) or
      Torment (Suppressed). All Melee weapons used
      by Models in that Unit that are equipped with
      Tormentors gain the selected rule, until the end
       of the current turn.

     Vexator Mask
     The following Gambit can be selected for a
     Model with a Soul-Trap:
      False Visage: The Controlling Player of the
      Challenge Opponent must take a Willpower
        test for that Model. That test is made with a -2
       penalty to the roll if this is the first round of the
       Challenge. If the test is failed, the Challenge
      Opponent suffers a Penalty to its Focus Roll
      equal to the amount it failed by.

    Webway Portal
     Once per battle, when a Model with a Webway
       Portal is selected during its Controlling Player's
     Movement phase, but before or after it has
      moved, the Controlling Player may activate
       the Webway Portal. If doing so, place a 3"
       Blast Marker anywhere within 3" of the Model
      with the Webway Portal until the end of the
       current turn. Until the end of the current turn,
       the edge of the Blast Marker is counted as a