                                                                                                 Codex Xenologica – Drukhari (Horus Heresy 3rd edition)

                Lelith Hesperax
                    Unit composition: 1 Lelith                            250 points




       HIGH
    COMMAND

                         m  ws   bs    s    t  w       i    a   ld   cl  wp   in   sav  inv

         Lelith                    6   9   9    3    3    4   9    5   9   9   8   8   6+   4+

     Wargear                                       Special Rules
        •  Close Combat Weapon                                 • A League Apart
                                                                       •  At Last, A Challenge!
      Traits                                                      •  Cult Allegiance (Strife)
        •  Xenos                                                    •  Eternal Warrior (1)
        •  Drukhari                                                 •  Fast (1)
        •  Cults                                                     • Move Through Cover
        •  Rulers of the Dark City                                 •  Natural Perfection
                                                                       •  Power From Pain
                                                                       •  Quicksilver Dodge
                                                                       •  Spectacular Displays
                                                                       •  Take Heads

                                                Unit type
                                                                       •  Infantry (Command, Light, Unique)
94
       Special Rules
     A League Apart
        Whilst Lelith is in base contact with any Enemy Models that have a Weapon Skill characteristic,
       and all of those Models have a lower Weapon Skill Characteristic than she does, her Attacks
         Characteristic is increased by the difference between her Weapon Skill and the Lowest Weapon
          Skill amongst Enemy Models in base contact with her. Whilst Lelith is engaged in a Challenge, she is
        only considered to be in Base Contact with her Challenge Opponent, and no other Enemy models.
      At Last, A Challenge!
       While a Model with this Special Rule is engaged in a Challenge, its Controlling Player can select the
        following Gambit for that Model:

       At Last, A Challenge!: If this Gambit is selected, Lelith's Base Initiative Characteristic becomes
        equal to that of her opponent during the Focus Step. When selecting The Penetrating Blades as the
        provisions for an Attack during the Strike Step, that Attack gains the Critical Hits (4+) Special Rule,
        instead of 6+.
       Natural Perfection
         Lelith is not affected by special rules that negatively modify her Characteristics (other than
       Wounds).
        Quicksilver Dodge
         Lelith's Invulnerable Save characteristic is increased to 3+ against all Attacks made as part of a
        Reaction and all Melee Attacks.
       Spectacular Displays
       For each Melee Attack made by Lelith, the Controlling Player must select one of the following
        provisions to apply to that Attack:
          • Barbed Mane: The Attack gains the Shred (4+) and Ensnare (1) Special Rules.
          • The Penetrating Blades: The Attack gains the Critical Hits (6+) Special Rule and is resolved at
          AP2.