                                                                                                 Codex Xenologica – Drukhari (Horus Heresy 3rd edition)



       Special Rules
       Hunter of Heads
       Keradruakh may only join units of Mandrakes.

           If Keradruakh is selected as part of an army, the Controlling Player may select a Recon Slot in the
       same Army. That Recon Slot becomes a Prime Slot. Units of Mandrakes that are selected to fill that
         Slot may have the following Prime Advantage selected for them:
       Court of Aelindrach (Prime Advantage)
         All Mandrakes in a Unit that has had this Prime Advantage selected for it gain +1 to their WS
         Characteristic. While Keradruakh has joined that Unit, all Mandrakes in that Unit gain the Shade
         Stalker Special Rule.

       Shade Stalker
        Before the start of battle, the Controlling Player may select a Model with the Command or High
      Command Battlefield Role in the opposing Army. That model is referred to as The Prized Skull. If a
         friendly Unit enters the battlefield from reserves, and all Models in that Unit have the Shade Stalker
        Special Rule, then instead of entering the battlefield from reserves normally the Controlling Player
      may place all Models in that Unit anywhere on the battlefield that is within 12" of The Prized Skull
       and more than 3" from other models and terrain. The Intercept Reaction may be used as normal.
           If the Unit declares a charge in the same turn that it enters the battlefield in this way, that charge
           is automatically disordered and only the unit that includes The Prized Skull may be selected as a
        charge target.

       While engaged in a Challenge with The Prized Skull, if the Finishing Blow Gambit is selected for
        Keradruakh, the controlling player can discard the dice with the lowest result in the Focus Step,
         rather than the highest. However, if Keradruakh fails to destroy The Prized Skull with his attacks
98        during the Strike Step, he automatically gains the Disgraced status and the controlling player gains
       no Combat Resolution points in the Glory step even if Keradruakh won the challenge.